Added information about `rename_pattern` and `rename_replacement` (#64904)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/snapshot-restore/restore-snapshot.asciidoc

pipelines, and {ilm-init} policies are restored into the current cluster. This
overwrites any existing cluster settings, templates, pipelines and {ilm-init}
policies whose names match those in the snapshot.

> <2> Regular expression that matches data streams and indices in the snapshot. Supports https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/regex/Pattern.html-[regular-expression constructs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Regular expression that matches data streams and indices in the snapshot. Supports https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/regex/Pattern.html[regular expression constructs].
```

Reviewer: The trailing dash `-` in the URL needs to be removed. Otherwise, the link breaks in the output.

> <2> Regular expression that will match the name of data streams and indices in the snapshot. This supports https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/regex/Pattern.html#cg-[`capturing groups`].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> Regular expression that matches data streams and indices in the snapshot.
Supports
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/regex/Pattern.html#cg-[`capturing
groups`].
```

Reviewer: +1 to @jrodewig's changes. 

@romain-chanu, I'm curious why we're calling out capturing groups specifically. The page for the `Pattern` class includes everything about the syntax, so I think we might want to say something like:
>Supports https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/regex/Pattern.html#cg-[regular expression constructs].

Please let me know if there was reason to call out capturing groups.

Author: Thank you @jrodewig @lockewritesdocs - thank you for the suggestions - that looks good. I wanted to mention the capturing groups explicitly to better explain the example - but we can definitely mention the page for the `Pattern` (and @jrodewig's suggestion for point 3 still refers to the capturing group) so i think we are good.

> <3> String used to rename data streams and indices in the snapshot that match the `rename_pattern`. `$1` is a reference to the first capturing group, which returns the first value found in the tested input. In this example, this corresponds to the number postfixing the index name. Indices `index_1` and `index_2` will be renamed as `restored_index_1` and `restored_index_2`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<3> Renames data streams and indices that match the `rename_pattern`.
`$1` is a reference to the first capturing group. In this example, `index_1` and
`index_2` will be renamed as `restored_index_1` and `restored_index_2`.
```

Reviewer: +1 -- thanks @jrodewig!
